1. Update the sequence of sections - DONE
   Followed by 
   1. Hero Section
   2. Social Proof (Marquee Banner Section)
   3. Services
   4. My Portfolio
   5. Clients Testimonials
   6. About Me
   7. Skills & Tools
   8. Education & Work
   9. FAQs
   10. News & Blogs
   11. Contact Us
   12. Footer

2. Add and update the navbar link's and the sequence also, Link all items in the navbar to the respective sections NOT the pages. - DONE
    1.Home
    2.Services
    3.Projects
    4.About
    5.Blogs
    6.Contact

3. The button "View My Portfolio" should navigate to the Projects page. - DONE

4. Hire Me should open the mailto: in next tab. - DONE

5. Update the Marquee Banner Section to add text that shows Social Proof
   like "50+ Projects | 10+ Clients | 4+ Years Experience" - DONE

6. Create Services page and make sure to add some dummy services like we have on the home page services section and make sure the header and Footer are same as the index.html. - DONE

7. View All Services button should navigate to the Services page. - DONE

8. We should have a single service page that should dynamical update the content of the individual service content and we should mange that using JSON structure and this should work on home page services. - DONE

9. On about me section the "Download CV" button it should directly download the pdf from the assets folder. - DONE

10. Create Projects page and make sure to add some dummy projects like we have on the home page projects section and make sure the header and Footer are same as the index.html. - DONE

11. The button "View My Portfolio" should navigate to the Projects page. - DONE

12. "View All Projects" button should navigate to the Projects page. - DONE

13. We should have a single project page that should dynamical update the content of the individual project content and we should mange that using JSON structure and this should work on home page projects. - DONE

14. Create Blogs page and make sure to add some dummy projects like we have on the home page projects section and make sure the header and Footer are same as the index.html. - DONE

15. "View All Blogs" button should navigate to the Blogs page. - DONE

16. We should have a single blog page that should dynamical update the content of the individual blog content and we should mange that using JSON structure and this should work on home page blogs. - DONE

17. For Clients Testimonials we should add the content in JSON structure, adding and removing should dynamically update the content on home page testimonials section. - DONE

18 For FAQs we should add the content in JSON structure, adding and removing should dynamically update the content on home page FAQs section. - DONE
